fix: mapping prune (#1477)
loopmediagroup/es-alchemy: README.md

- `mapping.get(name: String)` - get mapping details from Elasticsearch (current version)
- `mapping.historic(name: String)` - get _old_ mapping versions and their respective document counts from Elasticsearch
- `mapping.list()` - Lists all mappings currently in Elasticsearch

> - `mapping.prune(index: String)` - Removes indices from Elasticsearch that are not persisted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mapping.prune(index: String)` - Removes index versions from Elasticsearch that are not tracked
```
